For Admin: 
	1) Should be able to delete data from the following tables - (comments, notifications, roles, users, posts) : DONE
	2) Should be able to perform "search" on tables (using ajax)
	3) Should be able to see all the activities of users & other admins. 
	   The activities would be displayed on his homepage.
	   Activities such as:
	   a) if a user/admin upvotes some other user's/admin's post 
	   b) if a user/admin comments on some other user's/admin's post 
	   c) if a user/admin posts some question 
	4) if 'deleted_by' column is not included in those listed tables then
	   Include another column named 'deleted_by' in the following tables - (comments, users, posts) : DONE
	   So that we can show a notification (only) on admin homepage that "which admin deleted what data from what table". : PENDING TO SHOW NOTIFICATION
	5) As soon as a post is perma-deleted(i.e. DELETED FROM DATABASE), all the comments on that post should also be perma-deleted
	6) Add searching posts by tags/name functionality on the 'view-all-posts' page's search bar
	7) There should be a page on which admin can see only his asked questions
	8) Add a separate page for showing deleted comments. And add an option to perma-delete them from the database.
   9) Should be able to edit post.(using ajax) : DONE
   10) Should be able to edit comments.(using ajax)

For User: 
	1) User Should be able to like a post, and the respective no. of likes would be displayed for a post : DONE 
	2) Whenever user upvotes(likes) a post, a notification should be sent to that post's owner that: 
	   "some-username" upvoted your post! (when this notification is clicked, it should redirect that owner to the comments.php page,
	   where the owner can see the number of likes on his posts)
	3) Whenever user posts a comment, a  notification should be sent to that post's owner that:
	   "some-username" commented on your post! (when this notification is clicked, it should redirect that owner to the comments.php page,
	   where the owner can see the comment posted on his post)
	4) There should be a page on which user can see only his asked questions 
	5) User can apply for the role of admin
	6) User should be able to see activities such as:
		a) if another user/admin posts a question

Other things to do: 
	1) Come up with a name for the forum (some suggestions are in the imp-notes.txt file)
	2) Setup all redirections of pages perfectly and efficiently.
	3) Remove unnecessary html code(ex. the side-bar navigation tabs which are not used)
	4) No user should be able to access the files in the admin folder. : DONE
	5) Upgrade to sweetAlert 2.0 : DONE
	6) Final documentation and commenting the code where necessary(for all methods, classes and whereever required)

Side notes: 
	1) Remove the node_modules folder from the git repository after the project is completed and package.json file is setup properly. : DONE

	TEST THE ENTIRE WEBSITE ONE FINAL TIME!